Update terminology of the run blockchain category (#1762)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/run-blockchain/process-management.adoc

// External URLs
:url_pm2_docs: https://pm2.keymetrics.io/docs/usage/quick-start/
:url_PM2_article: https://futurestud.io/tutorials/pm2-advanced-app-configuration-with-json-file
:url_mainchain_client: https://github.com/LiskHQ/lisk-core#example-using-pm2

:url_global_cli: build-blockchain/create-blockchain-client.adoc#using-the-client-cli-globally
:url_build_hello_client: build-blockchain/index.adoc#the-hello-world-client
:url_core_client: run-blockchain/index.adoc#how-to-set-up-a-lisk-mainnet-node

// footnotes
// :fn_sidechain_client_glossary: footnote:client[See xref:{url_mainchain_client}[Running Lisk Core with PM2] for more details.]

> // It is recommended to set up an additional process management tool to run a blockchain client{fn_sidechain_client_glossary}.

Reviewer: It's intentional since we are going to update the glossary at a later stage. Till then, the URL mentioned in the commented line will not work. Will use this line when the glossary is ready.

npm i -g pm2
----

Once PM2 is installed, you can start your blockchain client via the following two methods:

. <<using-a-bash-script>>
. <<using-a-json-config-file>>

== Running a blockchain client

=== Using a bash script
A script containing the `./bin/run start` command can be passed to PM2 to initiate the blockchain client on a sidechain node.
Similarly, the blockchain client of the mainchain can be run via `lisk-core start --network mainnet`.

> Let's create a script for the xref:{url_build_hello_client}["Hello World"] or for a xref:{url_core_client}[Lisk Core] node.

Reviewer 2: This guide should be held general for node operators, no need to mention Hello World example app.

```suggestion
Let's create a script for the blockchain node.
```
